Update README.md (#10)
Saluev/python-liborigin2: README.md

 * BOOST C++ libraries  http://www.boost.org/
			boost/algorithm/string.hpp, boost/variant.hpp and its dependencies.
 * tree.hh (included) http://tree.phi-sci.com/

>  * Doxygen (optional, just for documentation) https://doxygen.nl/
>  * latest version of Cython http://cython.org/

Reviewer: I believe it would be better to make optional dependency last in the list.
```suggestion
 * latest version of Cython http://cython.org/
 * Doxygen (optional, just for documentation) https://doxygen.nl/
```

Note that the BOOST libraries are not needed at run time, neither are linked in the executable.

> For Ubuntu users both BOOST and Doxygen can be installled viao package manager:

Reviewer: Could you please correct the misprints?
```suggestion
For Ubuntu users both BOOST and Doxygen can be installed via package manager:
```
